Hello everyone
In this video let us learn how to implement the
bottom-up  approach of Nth Fibonacci problem
So we have two functions here
the main function and the user defined function
Fibonacci
So in main function first declared the integer variable  N
Now read the number from user to variable N
Supposed the number read from user is four and it
is stored in variable  N
And now we have the base case Fibonacci of zero
equal to zero and Fibonacci of one equal to one
so check
if n is less than or equal to one
If so print that number itself
Else we have to call Fibonacci of N here
Four
is not less than or equal to one
So if part will fail and go to else case
and call Fibonacci of four
So control reaches this function and here and is equal
to four so created integer array fib of size
N plus one
And integer variable
Now set fib(0)
Equal to zero and fib(1) equal to one
Now we know that fib(n) is equal to
fib
of n minus one plaus
fib of n minus two for every N greater than
or equal to two so we can use a
for loop from I equal  to two to i less than
or equal to n at inclement i in each iteration
So in the first iteration, i is equal to two so
fib(2) will be computed and it will be
equal to fib(2) minus one plus fib(2)
minus two
That is fib(1) plus fib(0)  which
is equal to one plus zero equal to one so
fib(2) is computed
Now we have the values of fib(0) fib(1)
and fib(2)
Now in the second iteration i will be quite a
three so fib(3) equal to fib(3)
minus one plus fib(3) minus two
That is fib(2) plus fib(1) that
is one plus one Which is equal to two
So fib(3) is also computed Now
In the third iteration i will be equal to four
so fib(4) equal to fib(4) minus one plus
fib(4)r minus two
That is fib(3) plus fib(2) which
isequal to two plus one that will be equal to
three
So fib(4) is also computed
Now I will be equal to five in the next
iteration and here condition i less than or equal to n
will fail
So return fib(n) that it's fib(4)
to the main function and it will be printed here
That is fib(4) equal to three will be printed
on this screen
So that is how N Fibonacci problem can be implemented
using bottom up approach